RULES:

THE DEAL
The deck is divided evenly, with each player receiving 26 cards, dealt one at a time, face down. Anyone may deal first. Each player places his stack of cards face down, in front of him.

THE PLAY
Each player turns up a card at the same time and the player with the higher card takes both cards and puts them, face down, on the bottom of his stack.

If the cards are the same rank, it is War. Each player turns up one card face down and one card face up. The player with the higher cards takes both piles (six cards). If the turned-up cards are again the same rank, each player places another card face down and turns another card face up. The player with the higher card takes all 10 cards, and so on.

HOW TO KEEP SCORE
The game ends when one player has won all the cards.

Objects: Responsibilities, Questions, Commands, Information
card
  R: displaying rank & suit, hiding rank & suit (face up, face down)
  Q: what is your rank & suit?
  C: give rank & suit, display face_up, display face_down
  I: rank, suit, face_up or face_down ?
deck
  R: managing a collection of cards that do not belong to the player
  Q: what cards are available? how many cards? what order?
  C: shuffle, deal, add card(s), remove cards(s)
  I: cards it has, the order of the cards, top card, number of cards, if empty
player
  R: manages a collection of cards it owns
  Q: what cards do you have? what is the top card? are you out of cards?
  C: play round, play war round, add_winnings
  I: cards it has, the order of the cards--no wait, a player doesn't know that in a real game!--, top card, if empty
game
  R: manages the movement between two players
  Q: who won the round? who won the game?
  C: start game, declare winner of round, declare winner of game
  I: who is playing, who won, when the game is over and who the winner is

NOTES
  # use hash for client - player relationship
  # write tests for behaviors not tests for methods
  # the tests should tell me how to use the class not how to use each method of the class
  # put "protected" on far left ahead of all methods that someone USING the class should not be able to access. In Ken's example, only start, run, stop... are accessible.
  # how to call a protected method from inside a test: server.send(:my_protected_method)
  # but if you can so easily skirt protected, what is its purpose?
  # the outside world can't access your code, only what you make available through API
  # the purpose of protecting something is to inform the developer of things that they probably shouldn't include in the API.
  # let(:symbol) is generally for variable declaration.... if you have:
  # let(:do_it) { call my method and do stuff in here } and then somewhere in your tests, you call:
  #   do_it
  #   do_it
  # it won't execute the second time because let only executes one time; the second time it decides not to because it already did that.... instead, use a helper method

NEXT ASSIGNMENT
--git familiar
--have everything working w/client class
--war players (the people) should have a unique identifier (generated by your program) when they first connect to your server that they can reuse to connect in the future... that way if they get disconnected they can reconnect as the same player in the same game, plus be able to keep track of how many games they've won or lost... it's okay if the player can only play one game at a time [STRETCH]
--the only people who can play is someone who gives you a unique identifier [STRETCH]
--the server must allow multiple simultaneous games at one time
--no games should be blocked by another game
--players must tell you when it is okay to play the next card

War players (the people) should have a unique identifier when they first connect to your server that they can reuse to connect in the future.
The only people who can play is someone who gives you a unique identifier.
And the server must allow multiple simultaneous games at one time.
A player can only participate in one game at a time.
No games should be blocked by another game.
Players must tell you when it is ok to play the next card

The first two are stretch goals:
War players (the people) should have a unique identifier when they first connect to your server that they can reuse to connect in the future.
The only people who can play is someone who gives you a unique identifier.
